by the way by the way I wanted to tell you
something I wanted to tell you something
today Lorena was watching
Survivor to record later for
the lollipop and we have a problem that we have
been dragging on for about a week no
the fact was that of course many times
I have to be direct but they are lying
survivors and she says let's buy
some headphones for them you're watching
TV while you're being the
while that direct of course but what's
happening is that the headphones no longer
have the plug for her for you a
part of what I earn with two gestures and
yesterday
thank you very much for the value I value it very much I
value it very much well now it will be
in the [ __ ] of the coi no because
today today they are correcting and they are
correcting I'm going to see how much double has fallen
with which surely it has fallen a
beastly
if it goes it is falling well for us it is the
unity it is not falling today well
listen
Andy thank you very much for giving
that subscription to someone I have already put
the lyrics well guys I'm going to
put myself like my son
well Javi well he
put the lyrics chubby and Javi
[ __ ] stop Andy and many
thanks welcome well the thing is that
giotto is scratching because I say but how am I going to
buy some wireless headphones for
the tv if the tv doesn't have a port to
put a link and it doesn't have them anymore
then it turns out that I have tried these they
picked them up but they couldn't be heard I don't know if it's because
I didn't know how to configure sad
thank you very
much man everyone who is 6
more subscribers is really appreciated now that I'm starting
what I am a new kid and
total that took the headphones from my
kids they work for the tv
what wonderful headphones we have in
my kids store dot com kids get into
my kids store dot com she reads this thank you
very much get into said
gallery dot com buy some
headphones because the truth is for how much
14-15 daddy new 14 15 pavito more
missing or this to buy some on the
internet for 80 payments I am looking for some that
were the brand of the tv the axis oh
my god my god kids 15 pavito in
my kids store dot com they arrive in
three or four days and they eat the
simple ones the headphones eat the
simple ones  well sucking my people today an
account of reconciliation sticks to the CEO and it turns
out to be one have thrown more
weapons from the right or that they did not want with
margin it was a long time ago you already
knew it was coming to image they did not want it in the
series the yak and this one is more false than a
cream coin of a coin three euros of three
euros more false and here it is worth the
yaqui the one who said that he was not going to put that he does
not put reborn because there was a move
with aurum play you do not want the seo
you have
and the headphones go what has happened and they
go
to kids who even come with a
little bit of battery the time that we have
direct all that battery lasts the
headphones that come a little charged and
all package with blue there will be no pus and I
listen to it for a while well okay they
still have battery says the lore let's
go that is equivalent to each one of
the euros that we are going to charge you that are
worth each one of the euros of all more
why well if there is here that
invited us to reborn because of the move with euro
employ and today I found out that coco has
videos on his channel messing with aura
a play  but he has something going on with
juan guarnizo
so I wonder now here he
throws tea like always with that
nice gift dude look at him
thanks so much for giving manuel the
level 1 subscription he said thank you so much
guys as always we are breaking
your good we are breaking tweet I'm going to
quit my job at real madrid
juan guarnizo has problems with coco
and apparently they are throwing bits they
are vibrating each other all day so I
wonder then I wonder
why you put him here in case there is
toxicity
and here that is what you escape it is that he didn't
want it you didn't want to invite the
roll in the hay because he can't do it you piece of
fake go straight ahead and tell the truth well you
've sent me a couple of things that they have
put on the sidelines and seriously he has
had a problem with his partner the
partner is angry because of what was said
grave is flirting a lot he is putting in a
lot of hours and drips with someone okay I do
n't know who the other one is but but you're going to
say right now and I have
the clip here to see it okay so
move click
in a more  clear
and you're on the ground
already well because I'm a gentleman and I don't
want to take away some of the sun
but why does he speak normally if he has to
speak within the role of the character tell me tell me
now these hours you are there
[Music]
no
apparently he's spending many
hours hanging around with this girl I don't know
who she is can you give me a name
son of a [ __ ] added
lic
so
happy 13 6 13 and who reads 13 can you
send me a photo
or rather
let me know exactly at the moment when he's
going to talk about that subject finally tell him
if he can extend it for ten minutes
better
what they just told me karime can you
send me a photo just for fun please of
this girl it's
that I don't want to get into twitter I'm not
going to make it like the other time when
we got into her twitter that ass was very
dangerous
from here the most beautiful thing
has the list
to me yes
sometimes my old and soft little voice betrays me
I'm very annoying but you didn't answer he
showed it daddy
and I answered him has he done now
if he answered me I just asked him  I just
asked Aire if he
wanted [ __ ] [ __ ] okay okay
Aire I just
asked myself, is that if he wants we can
give him Aire help me with the scripts
okay and with the information when I'm
busy and tomorrow I'm going to be busy
tomorrow if I start working tomorrow because
today I couldn't tomorrow if I start
working I'm going to get on with the rolls
of uy very late and I have to go up before
Wednesday but if there is help me I
more or less you talking about our
dad yesterday here live very
roughly let's see it's a scam it's not a
scam it's not and less on the part of
our dad you know a scam would be
something that your father if he doesn't have what you
pay okay if you put money into a
trading thing you
can lose the money okay but
anyway it seems that that
was not very well organized but one thing
is a scam and another thing is that they are already
the people who are
the people who shut down our country to
promote that they
are not complying with all the
legal bases that they have to comply with in the
sense that the tube is
worth  this will be the girl with whom he is
hanging around was the turkey this I will not
go on too much here we can go on okay if
someone wants to investigate all
this if they want to prepare this but it is a
broad topic okay the thing that according to what
the lawyer Barbara told him who is
David Bravo's partner who was doing a
live show with him with which he promoted
in which he produces a photo daddy according to what
Barbara was saying there were things that she
was not complying with in order for
the promo to be legal the draw is in Castilla
okay she had to put the legal bases
in the description she had to
notify the price of
the car which then the price has
a tax burden for the year of video
when they make the declaration an account
of things I will explain okay if you want to
see it
and I do not believe that what they
are doing would be illegal because because they
are not scamming in the sense that they
are not deceiving ok at the moment that you
are deceiving us well it is not a scam
you know you are promising there that
people are giving me the money and I go away I
play it
understand whether or not it is a deception as
such to take I tell you would have  that I
inform myself a lot more and see a lot
more things but in any case must for
pine it wouldn't be the one that is being anything
bad showed daddy
our daddy is fulfilling what
he has to fulfill when
promoting something that is simply to be
clear that it is a
promotion and that basically the only thing
that has to be clear he is
worth
especially my gypsy blood but
obviously I am going to tell you I already tell you in
the confidence and the respect that I have
lion since the lion since time no
lion already
javi if they are deceiving by saying that it is
free and to enter you have to pay x
amount you do not have to pay karime do not
confuse you do not believe
and
the course is free the course in progress is
like it sends you where making a mistake
thank you very much but I was watching the
debate that tamayo did and the lawyer is
great and another guy who was dedicated to
trading that was what was his name did
a live 3 with the turkey almost to the
promotion that is worth it
is not the same as grenddy's joking
because he thinks
something original was being announced as if it were  original
as if it were from the apple brand and it wasn't
from apple he showed daddy he is announcing
some courses that offer sense the
good courses are courses it's like they
give you recommendations to invest or
not to invest orioles a move otherwise the
thing is that you say you don't have to put in
money of course what is the course
what is free entry now then if you
want to invest that money then you have to
give the money I don't know I don't know I don't know I would have to see it I would have to see it I would have to
see everything very well I
was watching it in the interview they
did live on
Tamayo's secondary channel and the lawyer what he
was telling him is that he is
missing a few requirements
for it to be legal to comply with the
law the protection of an account of things
would have to have been very good to me it would have to
come very well you can take it is in
any case the problem is it wouldn't be from
our country it would be from the other
our daddy hires him pays promotes
and that's it
but in this little hole up there it
drives me crazy it is placed like this
the forgiveness is that I really still have I still have I
still have little things there in the voice
if I sang me a beautiful song you my
dancers
here in  the guitar
before you would never before make a
fool of yourself today you can't trust
many agencies of that style are
scams like the Genoa metro money in that,
before putting money into that thing
apart from being careful you know why I have to
look at it very thoroughly but
but you tell me let's see 250
euros
and with 250 euros what are you going to earn, I mean to earn,
to earn money from
investments
I destroyed it talking the other day
investments are normally in the stock market what
is the stock market to go up 2% a
day another or so an mbe or a share on the
stock market that goes up 30% in a year is very
good okay then there are the Christ currencies
that are going up something that is not
normal because you can go up 30
percent in one day you know there are days that they also
lose it you understand but with 250
euros that you earn you earn 50 bucks and you're
lucky that it doesn't have I don't understand
they said that it also did not comply with European regulations I
tell you don't look much at the subject to the
children, it was the live one the other day  I
brought mine and apparently what it seems what it
seems what they were
the raffle announcement the money is not
to be kept in the bank because it
loses value over time exactly
right I think the same
but they fulfilled it with a profitability
and they can never promise you that
obviously because no one guessed if not it would
all be very easy I tell you that I would have to
open them very densely but in
any case the problem would not be
our daddy's as such
the legal problem would be with the
other people who showed it daddy they would have to
have looked more closely if promotional or
not there is each one there is each one I tell you
with an investment of 250 dollars I
came to generate 1350 in two months and in
a cross or coin or something like that no
if things were that easy
nobody would work why are you going to work
if you have the notes these that you have to
announce our daddy that is nothing
if that is more complicated or it happens that yes it
is true that I cannot speak
clearly because I would have to study
the subject much more and see many more things
the only thing from above that drives me crazy
lion already thank you very much how
beautiful you better forgive me is that when
Gypsy blood comes out of me and the song
inside I'm dirtier than a [ __ ]
[ __ ] like I apologize but it
's not the thing I carry you already
know it does
n't look like it another thing it's that my voice
sometimes betrays me
well I'm leaving you here
Gregory stop making those sounds of
ors fool what's wrong with you
forgive me from my heart Alisa it's that no
inside me I've always always had
a normal person that we can talk
calmly have our our
bad and good words you'll see that
sometimes it takes over me yes it's like my
conscience takes over me before it was the other
way around I spoke with Gregory's voice and
this voice was my conscience you'll see that
now it's the other way around and sometimes when I'm
near you my conscience takes over
me
like see again what I do it's the [ __ ] thing and that's it
number three the last three
hours you've spent with me so I
don't think you have very big occupations
well I think you have to go
in tone short now or I don't know what
[Laughter]
the voice in my head is calling me
[Music] I
mean cut that was in a
live no you don't
need  when the image hasn't
come out of it there's only the but that they
cut you off or that they do that to you in a live show
don't
tell me it was the shadow and the glass that
although remember he said you ca
n't come in the middle of an oil painting and
say goodies I'll shoot you
and I'm looking for a more beautiful life vice
how are you going to play ball at twelve
thirty at night
you know that I'm trying harder to
flirt with this girl than in
real life
like in real life I did it
with you everyone I'm sure let's
see it's a joke don't let's not make a joking comment
but I think he was playing this joke on her
because he knows that she came in with that
tone
and it won't end soon because I told Gemma
that we were going to have dinner and if I don't have dinner
with Gemma today I'll possibly be left without a
girlfriend in the role play and in
real life and at least I want to
keep my girlfriend in real life okay in fact you'll see that if I am at ten thirty more or less in two hours no in an hour and a half I'm circling to enter Gemma she'll hit me with a baseball bat in real life I'm talking in  the head
and she'll tell me get out of there redhead
half idiot that we're going to dinner and I'm at
your service my lady okay this could
be what's going to happen the one who
reads it the most and yesterday there was a very
funny moment in which Gema entered
the room angry and said to me hey are you going to cut
directly I start playing the ant value and
I was with the microphone on surrounding
with this girl and then this girl
automatically said says well I think
you have to go so nothing I'll leave you and
I
and in the microphone activated I
plugged a value it was enough thanks to
that moment
I was there
[Music]
I did notice a little jealousy don't
you think let's see you continue the role more
Gemma has also flirted with
Depp's character and Mario
being now playing for things of the
character and period
but you think that when she entered like that
hey cut although in reality she
was upset and wanted to cut already
ok
what do you think
Gemma flirted with a few
I I have noticed her a little tense when
entering like that hey cut already ok
because it is abnormal you do not enter like that  to
a room not where you know there's a
live show not
where you know there's a live show you don't enter
the room like that hey cut it out okay it's
put him in an awkward situation
being live in front of
people well if he
hadn't entered simply
in fact he cuts out you
know
and he's a little upset I would say I would say that he
was a little upset I
don't know I don't know what I was